In the design stage, the program design is based on the MVC model criteria. According to the requirements, I design a main page. The page has the titles of California house test and California house train. Under the title, there are corresponding AAA and BBB labels. Click the corresponding label to jump to the corresponding page, that is, click the AAA label link to jump to the California house test page, Click the BBB tab link to jump to the California house train page. The two pages show the data extracted from the California house CSV file downloaded from kaggle website.  
In the development, implementation, installation and use of the application stage, the first step is to connect GitHub with codio, create the home folder advanced programming in codio, create repository advanced programming in GitHub, clone the home folder in codio as advanced programming, and then delete the previous home folder advanced programming. The second step is to create a virtual environment, activate the virtual environment, install pip, upgrade when necessary, and install flash. The third step is to create and store the data in the CSV advanced folder of the program call. Create an empty database text file by using SQLite3, connect to the database, and use the loop to read the data of the required row and insert it into the database file. The fourth step is to build a web component and create a web component in the main folder_ Create a py file under app. Through route (if you need to jump to a new page and add route accordingly), we can put a simple HTML page together, connect and interact with HTML, display the results in the template folder, and then create a template folder in the main folder advanced programming, and create three HTML files for the template file, And put this code into the file to cycle through the results of our regular query. The fifth step is to enter the command to run in the terminal, test whether the page meets the requirements and whether the result is wrong, debug, check whether the parameters are wrong, continue to refresh after modification, and the page display finally meets the requirements. Step 6: upload the file update to github.com by using the commands add, commit and push.
About heroku, I spent a day and a half trying my best, but the environment is always wrong, and an error is reported when I finally push. In general, this development has made me learn and grow a lot.

